{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Node voting is an important part of TTMC governance. Only with a sufficient number of votes can the TTMC network be up and running. And choosing a super node with high performance and high security level is of great significance to the TTMC blockchain network. Please vote for your sacred vote!\
\
2. Each TTMC account needs to be registered in the voting system before the first vote. By using the voting function, you authorize TTMC Wallet to complete the registration process for you.\
\
3. You can vote for several candidate nodes, but no more than 30.\
\
4. Participation in voting requires a certain number of TTMCs to be locked. The more TTMCs are locked, the higher your voting weight (the number of votes cast to each node). But no matter how many TTMCs you lock, you can only vote for up to 30 nodes.\
\
5. Your voting weight (the number of votes cast to each node) is uniquely determined by the number of TTMCs used for voting, regardless of the number of nodes you support. No matter how many nodes you support, the number of votes you give to each node is the same.\
\
6. The locked TTMC will not be consumed, but you will not be able to use them for trading. After the home network is stable, you can unlock the TTMC for voting by reducing the number of votes or completely canceling the vote.\
\
7. During the main network freeze, you must lock all TTMCs in the account to participate in the voting. After the main network is thawed, you can set the number of TTMCs used for voting and increase or decrease the number of votes.\
\
8. The TTMC node voting will be conducted for a long time without a deadline. This allows you to modify supported nodes at any time to get better network and computing resources, ensuring efficient and stable access to the TTMC blockchain.}