{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\viewkind1
\deftab420
\pard\pardeftab420\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab420\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 TTMC Wallet Privacy Policy
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab420\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab420\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 Basic policy
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 a. Privacy is a fundamental human right and TTMC Wallet respects and protects the privacy of its users.
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 b. We only require the most necessary and limited information to register and implement related functions.
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 c. We do not store your private key and wallet files and cannot control your account.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 2. Registration information
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 When registering TTMC Wallet, you only need to provide the most limited information to the TTMC Wallet server. This information is only used to tag you and to connect with certain features that need to be implemented through the TTMC Wallet server.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 3. Account Information
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 TTMC Wallet does not upload your wallet files and passwords to the server, they are only used locally on your device. Therefore, when you change devices, you will need to migrate them, or delete the wallet files on the original device and re-import the wallet.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 4. Photo information
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 Your camera will only be used to scan QR codes, we will not collect your personal images.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 5. Location information
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 We will not collect your location information unless you have your prior consent.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 6. Blockchain trading
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 Based on the public properties of the distributed system, your blockchain transaction information will be broadcast on the node network.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 7. Network security
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 All of our servers support the HTTPS protocol.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 8. Use information statistics
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 In order to enhance the service experience of TTMC Wallet, we may collect your usage information to improve its function and design, but this information is anonymous and cannot be directed to you personally. We do not collect your name, email or other personally identifiable information.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 9. In the following circumstances, TTMC Wallet may collect and use your personal information to the extent permitted by law and without your consent:
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (1) related to national security and national defense security;
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (2) related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (4) Required for the safety and compliance of maintenance services, such as the detection and handling of faults in products and services;
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (5) Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.
\f0\fs21 \
\

\f1\fs24 10. The way we collect information is as follows:
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (1) You provide us with information. For example, you can fill in your name, mobile number, or bank card number on the Personal Center page, or provide an email address when you have a feedback, or provide us with additional information when using our specific services.
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (2) We obtain information during your use of TTMC Wallet, including your mobile device information and your operating records of TTMC Wallet;
\f0\fs21 \

\f1\fs24 (3) We copy all or part of your transaction history through the blockchain system. However, the transaction records are subject to the records of the blockchain system.\
}