{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Semibold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The black box mode is a wallet model designed to meet the privacy needs of users.\
\
In black box mode, you will interact directly with the blockchain network. TTMC Wallet does not collect any transaction records in black box mode and the resulting asset changes, nor does it record the account name you used in black box mode. In this mode, there is no other direct way to link your account and its assets to you unless you have confirmed or checked your device. This guarantees the account's degree of anonymity to a certain extent.\
\
But you should be aware that this anonymity is limited. Due to the nature of the blockchain network, everyone can use the blockchain browser to find the appropriate transaction information based on your account. You can meet stronger anonymity needs by using multiple accounts in black box mode.\
\
You should also understand that TTMC Wallet uses the same high level of security in social mode and black box mode. The black box mode is only improved in anonymity, and does not mean that the black box mode is more secure than the social mode. In black box mode, you should also carefully keep your wallet password, account private key, and mnemonic. In addition, the black box mode can not guarantee that your private information will not be leaked if the device is lost.}